Improved documentation (#6080)
jasp-stats/jasp-desktop: Docs/development/r-analyses-guide.md

</details>

## Step 2 - Checking if Results can be Computed
Analyses usually require a minimum input before they can run. For example, an analysis might need at least one value, or some data, to be provided by the user. The behavior of the code should be different depending on this value being already provided or not. For instance, it should show tables but filled with dots instead of actual results, plots inlcuding just the axes, ... See an example in the diagram below: 

```mermaid
flowchart LR
A(["Start"]) --> Decision{"Is all input provided?"} --yes--> B["Compute results and show them"]
Decision --"not yet"--> C["Print empty results placeholder"]
```

We have to determine early in the analysis whether we are ready to compute the results. In the Binomial Test, at least one variable is needed in order to compute results:

<details>
  <summary>Code</summary>

  ```r
  BinomialTest <- function(jaspResults, dataset, options) {

    ready <- (length(options$variables) > 0) # Only TRUE if 1 or more variables are provided

   ```

</details>

## Step 3 - Reading the Dataset

> After selecting a dataset in JASP, you still have to load it into your R analysis. Reading data is always a tricky matter. Computers are devoid of common sense, so very often we have to explicitly specify how variables must be interpreted (are they integers?, characters?, ...). We recommend you to use our auxiliary function `.readDataSetToEnd()`, with the following optional arguments.

Reviewer: It would be better to describe the `preloadData: true` way here.

Reviewer: For the rest this file looks really good now ^^

Author: Check commit https://github.com/jasp-stats/jasp-desktop/pull/6080/commits/c1be13594b740d210edaf9dd3e6064d71d38cf3b

</details>

## Step 3 - Reading the Dataset
By default, recent versions of JASP immediately load your dataset into your R analysis.

**Tip**: If you don't want the data to be automatically loaded, you have to set `preloadData: false` in the corresponding `qml` file.

> Reading data is always a tricky matter. Computers are devoid of common sense, so very often we have to explicitly specify how variables must be interpreted (are they a scale?, a nominal?, an ordinal?, ...). The `Edit data` panel allows you to specify this kind of things.

Reviewer: We dont have to do this via edit data, you can define which type you want in each qml component.
The type in the data can stay as it is.

This used to be false, so im guessing that is where this text comes from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reading data is always a tricky matter. Computers are devoid of common sense, so very often we have to explicitly specify how variables must be interpreted (are they a scale?, a nominal?, an ordinal?, ...). Each column in the data has a type set on it, which is how it is shown in the dataviewer. However, for an analysis you might well want to get a different type, just for that analysis. Or even get a scale *and* a nominal version of the column.
The preloading of data in JASP actually takes that into account and adds every column selected in any qml component to a dataset, converted to exactly the type requested by the user.
Just like you can write `columnName.scale` or `columnName.nominal` in a JASP filter or computed column.
```

### A note on column names

> Notice that the column titles in the `dataset` will look a bit jumbled, _e.g._, the first column is titled `JaspColumn_.1._Encoded`, the second column is titled `JaspColumn_.2._Encoded`. This is due to the encoding we perform on the column titles, which allows us to handle foreign characters. The values in `options$variables` are NOT encoded and therefore do not match the column names in the dataset. Obviously this will present difficulties if we try to subset data later during the computation phase. The way we solve this is by using `decodeColNames()` to decode column names and `encodeColNames` to encode column names. To exemplify this, the following would return `TRUE`:

Reviewer: Here a part suggestion (but see the question below it):
```suggestion
Notice that the column titles in the `dataset` will look a bit jumbled, _e.g._, the first column is titled `JaspColumn_.1._Encoded`, the second column is titled `JaspColumn_.2._Encoded`. This is due to the encoding we perform on the column titles and the selected type, which allows us to handle foreign characters and multiple copies of columns with a different type selected. The values in `options$variables` are encoded and often even include the desired columnType and can be used directly to get the desired data from the dataset.
```

Reviewer 2: It is indeed encoded. Here is a suggested rewrite:
```suggestion
Notice that the column titles in the `dataset` will look a bit jumbled, _e.g._, the first column is titled `JaspColumn_.1._Encoded`, the second column is titled `JaspColumn_.2._Encoded`. This is due to the encoding we perform on the column titles, which allows us to handle foreign characters. The values in `options$variables` are also encoded and therefore you can use them directly to subset the data. Usually, the results from an analysis are automatically decoded (e.g., tables will not show `JaspColumn_.1._Encoded` but instead the actual column name in the dataset) and the fact that encoding happens can be completely ignored by the developers. In some scenarios, however, you may need to do the decoding manually. For example, if you use column names as axis tick labels in a plot, then the width of the string becomes relevant, as a longer string means that `ggplot2` reserves more space for the tick label. In this case, you should manually decode the tick labels (Note that for the more common scenario where column names are used as axis titles this is not necessary). To this end, we can use `decodeColNames()` to decode column names and `encodeColNames` to encode column names. To exemplify this, the following would return `TRUE`:
```

Sidenote, if each sentence is on its own line then view diffs and making suggestions becomes a little easier.
